the raiding party has flushed out what
seems an unassailable quarry freshwater
crabs are common in the forest but a
surprising target for ants at first the
Raiders do what's natural their swarm
all over their intended victim but
there's no way they're tiny jaws are
going to pierce the crabs thick outer
skeleton instinctively they probed for
its weak points
one group examines the legs and claws
for a weigh-in this has its dangers they
search for the vulnerable joints and
hack their way into the leg using
knife-like mandibles they slice away the
soft tissue and as the joint is ripped
and the tear widened the smaller workers
are able to climb right into the crabs
legs to reach the muscles inside
another group checks out the mouth they
seem to work together the larger
soldiers prise open the mouth parts so
smaller workers can squeeze through and
attack the softer tissues behind the
ants are dwarfed by the crowd yet with
so many attacking at one time even a
fully armored crab doesn't stand a
chance
ants eat from inside out
[Music]